Part I
1. mkdir first
2. cd first
3. touch person.txt
4. mv person.txt another.txt
5. cp another.txt copy.txt
6. rm copy.txt
7. cp first second
8. rm -r second

Part II
1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
    
    	'Man' opens the manual. Arrow keys can be used to scroll; 'q' to quit.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
    
    The -l flag gives a long list of files. -a includes directory entries that begin 	      	with a dot in their name.

3. Type the following command to download and save the contents of google.com: curl https://www.google.com > google.html

    Use less to look at the contents of google.html.
    less google.html

4. Look at the man page for less. Read the section on /pattern. Search for the text hplogo in the google.html file.
    
    less -p hplogo google.html
    
5.How do you jump between words in the terminal?
    
    Use option + arrow keys to jump between words.

6. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
    
    Use ctrl + e to reach the end of a line.

7. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
    
    Use ctrl + a to go to the beginning.

8. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
    
    Use ctrl + w to delete the previous word.

9. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
    
    A terminal is the text editor that accepts input from the keyboard and displays
    output on the screen. A shell is a program that interprets input, does
    something with it and tells the terminal which output to give.

10. What is an absolute path?
        
    An absolute path includes the entire location name. It is the same from anywhere.

11. What is an relative path?
        
    A relative path includes only the parts of a location name that are not shared with
    the current working directory. 

12. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
        
    Flags are used to select options on a command. (e.g. -m, -l, -a)

13.What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
        
    With the rm command: r removes a directory and the contents within it,
    f will force the removal, but unlike rm -r, will not 
    ask for confirmation first.